LIBREQUAKE BACKSTORY

By Ivan_Void

Somewhere near the end of the 21st century, humanity's desire to explore and colonize the universe has been fufilled thanks to a new radical technology developed with the purpose of transporting inanimate objects, living beings, and radio-signals from one location to another within an instant faster than light. Such technology was labeled: The Slipgate Teleportation Technology.
Thanks to teleportation, humanity could break free from their shackles to their native solar system and explore the universe and exploit its near-infinite resources to their benefit and prosperity.

50 years after the emergence of The Slipgate Teleportation Technology, humanity has kickstarted its coloniazation of various Earth-like planets in the universe. On one of said planets, a planet labeled LQ-021⍺, a peculiar crystal material was discovered. That crystal material has been found to be useful as a source of energy for the afforomentioned Slipgates, which demanded a considerable amount of power to initialize and teleport various objects, and other various technological devices such as spaceships, vehicles, houses and more. Thanks to such material, humanity could expand further at faster rate than before.

One eventful day, the Slipgate device on LQ-021⍺ was met with a severe malfunction due to strain on the system, caused by overusage, complete oversight by the commanding officer at the time, and one operator's coffee spill on the computer responsible for the teleportaion coordinates. As a result, 86 cargo crates full of weaponry, ammunition and medical supplies to be transported to a completely different location. A location not even indicated on their databases. After very in depth investigation into the entire incident, it was found the 86 cargos were transported to the correct location, but in a completely different parallel dimension.

Said event caused great interest to the powerful, and malignant forces from the beyond. The terrifying entities controlled armies which could conquer anything they desired.

Buffalobach's version (separate elements):
    The Landau-Quarrington breach - a phenomenon where organisms and items from another worlds are transported to our world from time to time
    An unknown entity took advantage of the breach - started conquering civilisations from other worlds, decided to conquer our world
    Protagonist is a scientist who received the ability to involuntarily travel to other worlds as a result of an incident in a research facility where experiments on harnessing the teleportation took place

    Ing-ing's version and additions
    -Libre is the name of the armed forces of the game. 80 years ago, they were the heroes of planet Spirit's war of independence from Scorn. The hero is Libre under codename Quake, nickname "butcher".
    -Libre Quake and his brothers in arms were set with the mission to recover the stuff lost to other time periods, Quake's new commanding officer heard of his reputation, and had his HUD specifically modified to keep count of the kills the Libre would make.
    -As Libres are not large in number, Quake has to work mostly alone, in a two-man team with Alma Droplet, a bit nervous and young scout, who goes runs ahead with rings of invisibility and partial intangibility, marking down enemy counts and secret caches for the butcher.
    -So essentially, Libres are heavy fighting units, capable of remarkable feats in the battlefield. Alma (spanish for spirit) are ghostly, able to pass though walls, but can't actually interract much with physical realm.


    Ing-ing Endtext:

        AMAZING! THE SHADOW OVER THE GALAXY HAS BEEN VANQUISHED,
        REVEALING THE WILL OF THE UNIVERSE, IT CALLS STARS TO
        CELEBRATE THE UNDEFEATED CHAMPION, YOU! UNMATCHED
        IN VIGOR AND MIND; EARTH TREMBLES AND QUAKES UNDER
        YOUR STEPS OF TRIUMPH. LIBRE-QUAKE COMMUNITY THANKS
        YOU FOR PLAYING!


    If these teleporters take the player to alternate realities, why do those realities have mayan and greek architecture? Runic makes sense, since it's otherworldly. I guess it doesn't have to make sense.

aDaya's justification on why each episodes is just different time periods:

    The forces of Shoggoth have traveled through dimensions through time where in each of them they conquered Earth, with the game's Present being next when the game begins, starting with the human colonies (hence why we always start with a base map for each episode)

    Their goals being to completely conquer earth through space and time. They conquer the present last because they have built most of their forces in the past periods, and they need that to counter our technology, by sheer numbers




